patches (N50: sm64jsarchive #1474) (#1527)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/050/index.md

[wor-avx]: https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/1110620/view/4118050466869150657
[wor-achievements]: https://clan.cloudflare.steamstatic.com/images//35599024/573f81c1ebce54d9efedcd693fcbe684a5629c7f.png

### [sm64jsarchive][sm64jsarchive]

![Super Mario 64 JavaScript Archive](sm64jsarchive.jpg)

[SM64JSARCHIVE][sm64jsarchive] is an actively maintained fork of [sm64js]: a decompilation project of Super Mario 64 to JavaScript.

> Additional sidenote: The MMO servers arent always running for sm64jsarchive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional sidenote: The MMO servers are not always running for sm64jsarchive.
```
